[PL-50559] Adding note for OIDC connector (#6512)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/firstgen-platform/account/manage-connectors/add-kubernetes-cluster-cloud-provider.md

These settings come from the OIDC provider authorization server you have set up and others come from the provider app you are using to log in with.

:::info note

> OIDC authentication support is not available for any connectors in Legacy Delegates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIDC authentication support is not available for connectors in legacy delegates. For information on delegate types, go to [Delegate image types](/docs/platform/delegates/delegate-concepts/delegate-image-types).
```

> The support for OIDC is made available and tested from Delegate versions 24.03.82600 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIDC support requires Harness Delegate version 24.03.82603 or later.
```

> :::

Reviewer: 24.03.82603 was the released delegate image, so I think 24.03.82603 or later makes sense here

These settings come from the OIDC provider authorization server you have set up and others come from the provider app you are using to log in with.

> 

Reviewer: @saifeemustafaqharness I don't think we need this info in this topic.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @brian-f-harness. I wouldn't add this to first gen.
